I'm obsessed
I originally wanted to please Chen Junsheng by dealing with you
With his support
I am stable in the fifth place of the successor of the Zhao family
Just let me go
Let us go, Zhao Xia
I promise I will do my best to pull our Zhao Xia
Help you fight for the position of the Chen family's family, okay?
You break the power and land of the head sign
I never wanted it.
This happened because of you
It has nothing to do with me Chen Xiaodao
I never take the initiative to provoke things
But who will provoke me?
No matter who
I will take revenge
Zhao Liangbo, the Zhao family is gone
Ah, I was wrong.
I really know I was wrong.
This is all because of Zhao Liang Gang
This turtle bastard ordered me to harm you
It really has nothing to do with me.
Wang Mingyu, you are provoking right and wrong everywhere
Be my enemy everywhere
People like you don't regret it in the future
Ah!
Ah, hahaha!
Life, please help our Zhao family
Our Zhao family is about to go bankrupt
I only dealt with Chen Xiaodao for you
I just found noodles to eat
Old Zhao
I've heard it all. It's not that I don't help you.
It was my old man who did it himself
I can't help it either.
But in the future, the livelihood of your family
I, Chen Zhensheng, packed it.
As long as I have a bite to eat
It will never leave you hungry.
Chen Qiangqiang, please dress up